ALS analyzer based on Envoy metadata exchange (#5800)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/envoy/als_setting.md

    Note: SkyWalking OAP service is at skywalking namespace, and the port of gRPC service is 11800
    
2. (Default is ACTIVATED) Activate SkyWalking [envoy receiver](../backend/backend-receivers.md). 
3. Active ALS analyzer, there are two available analyzers, `k8s-mesh` and `mx-mesh`,
`k8s-mesh` uses the metadata from Kubernetes cluster, hence in this analyzer OAP needs access roles to `Pod`, `Service`, and `Endpoints`;
`mx-mesh` uses the Envoy metadata exchange mechanism to get the service name, etc.,
this analyzer requires Istio to enable the metadata exchange filter(you can enable it by

> `--set telemetry.v2.enabled=true`, or if you're using Istio 1.7+ and installing it with profile `demo`/`preview`,

Reviewer: 1.7+ enabled in default? If so, good to me.

    Note: SkyWalking OAP service is at skywalking namespace, and the port of gRPC service is 11800
    
2. (Default is ACTIVATED) Activate SkyWalking [envoy receiver](../backend/backend-receivers.md). 

> 3. Active ALS analyzer, there are two available analyzers, `k8s-mesh` and `mx-mesh`, `k8s-mesh` will use the metadata from Kubernetes cluster, `mx-mesh` will use the Envoy metadata exchange mechanism to get the service name, etc., set system env variable `SW_ENVOY_METRIC_ALS_HTTP_ANALYSIS=k8s-mesh`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Active ALS analyzer, there are two available analyzers, `k8s-mesh` and `mx-mesh`, `k8s-mesh` uses the metadata from Kubernetes cluster, `mx-mesh` uses the Envoy metadata exchange mechanism to get the service name, etc.. Setting system env variable **SW_ENVOY_METRIC_ALS_HTTP_ANALYSIS** to activate the analyzer, such as `SW_ENVOY_METRIC_ALS_HTTP_ANALYSIS=k8s-mesh`.
```

> 3. Active ALS analyzer, there are two available analyzers, `k8s-mesh` and `mx-mesh`, `k8s-mesh` will use the metadata from Kubernetes cluster, `mx-mesh` will use the Envoy metadata exchange mechanism to get the service name, etc., set system env variable `SW_ENVOY_METRIC_ALS_HTTP_ANALYSIS=k8s-mesh`

Reviewer 2: Could you mention mx-mesh dependencies istio  `metadata exchange` filter?

Reviewer: https://github.com/apache/skywalking/pull/5800#discussion_r518446622 I asked too. How to open metadata exchange through Istio should be highlighted.

Author: > Could you mention mx-mesh dependencies istio `metadata exchange` filter?

DONE
